[en] config-pod-configmap add cleanup step and fix commands. (#44094)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/configure-pod-container/configure-pod-configmap.md

  Now, the Pod's output includes environment variables `SPECIAL_LEVEL_KEY=very` and `LOG_LEVEL=INFO`.

  Once you're happy to move on, delete that Pod and ConfigMap:
  ```shell
  kubectl delete pod dapi-test-pod --now

>   kubectl delete configmap special-config

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  kubectl delete configmap special-config
  kubectl delete configmap env-config
```

  Once you're happy to move on, delete that Pod:
  ```shell

>   kubectl delete configmap special-config

Reviewer 2: nit: Is this cleanup required? The comment before it is `delete that Pod`.

# You might already have removed the next set
kubectl delete configmaps/special-config configmaps/env-config
kubectl delete configmap -l 'game-config in (config-4,config-5)'
```

Remove the `kustomization.yaml` that you used to create the ConfigMap from generator:

```bash
rm kustomization.yaml
```

If you created a directory `configure-pod-container` and no longer need it, you should remove that too,
or move it into the trash can / deleted files location.

```bash

> # Confirm that you are no longer need files in the directory, then remove it:

Reviewer 2: nit: Do you need this comment? The previous sentence provides the same information.

# You might already have removed the next set
kubectl delete configmaps/special-config configmaps/env-config

> kubectl delete configmap -l 'game-config in (config-4,config-5)'

Reviewer 3: Similar changes also require to do in line number 529. Please also update that.

Reviewer 3: @1000Delta,
Please verify throughout the page if there is anything else to improve and update all necessary changes.

Reviewer: Done

kubectl delete configmap -l 'game-config in (config-4,config-5)'
```

> Remove the `kustomization.yaml` that you used to create the ConfigMap from generator:

Reviewer: Improved clarity

```suggestion
Remove the `kustomization.yaml` file that you used to generate the ConfigMap:
```

```bash
rm kustomization.yaml
```

If you created a directory `configure-pod-container` and no longer need it, you should remove that too,
or move it into the trash can / deleted files location.

```bash
rm -r configure-pod-container

> ```

Reviewer 4: I'd remove `special-config` here too.

Reviewer 4: Ah, cool.
